So with all four forms of data binding covered.
Now let's finish our little demo app for now.
We get the server name and this is life update.
Whilst we type due to two data binding in place here I will comment out does server name here instead.
I want to display the server name.
Once we clicked this add server button.
So once we create the server we should not only say server was created but also name is and then simply
add does server name like this.
So now with this in place we're now using the data we're changing data binding or if we chose to do
so from one way data binding for use the other approach which is currently commented out and we have
this in place now you can see that if I change the server name like this and click add server we see
Suro was created name is test server 2.
With that we're using all four forms of data mining to gabber with a jobber event pointing to listen
to the click string and tribulation to output the data.
Here property binding to and able to spot in the first place after two seconds and two were binding
to fetch our input data.
So with that we're pretty advanced into the basics of angular.
We use components we know how they work in general.
We use how to communicate with our templates from our types could code and in Yabrud direction.
Now there is one more basic feature we have to cover to really be able to build first little applications
before we then can dive deeper into the individual building blocks.
So let's have a look at this next feature soon directives for that time to practice data mining though.